README.md, before:

# HomeYoutubePi
Youtube player for Raspberry Pi via Telegram with omxplayer-wrapper & youtube-dl

## Requirements

* docker-compose
* docker

## Configure setup

Replace lines in .env file:
```
TELEGRAM_TOKEN - your Telegram BOT API token from @BotFather
TELEGRAM_PROXY - socks5 proxy string for Telegram. Remove this line if you don't need that
```

## Install

Clone this repo and launch docker-compose script on your Raspberry Pi:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/GeorgiyDemo/HomeYoutubePi
cd HomeYoutubePi
docker-compose up -d
```

## Docker containers description
- Redis - database for FIFO queue
- Dashboard - RQ dashboard on host:9181
- Player - player for youtube's video processing from url in Redis
- Telegram - client for adding urls to Redis

## Redis problems
Fixing permissions for appendonly.aof file:
```shell
cd && cd HomeYoutubePi/redis
sudo chown -R 1001:1001 redis_data/
```

## Beautiful example

![example.webp](https://github.com/GeorgiyDemo/HomeYoutubePi/blob/img/example_img.webp)

Commit message:

README.md .webp on Safari fix

README.md, after:

# HomeYoutubePi
Youtube player for Raspberry Pi via Telegram with omxplayer-wrapper & youtube-dl

## Requirements

* docker-compose
* docker

## Configure setup

Replace lines in .env file:
```
TELEGRAM_TOKEN - your Telegram BOT API token from @BotFather
TELEGRAM_PROXY - socks5 proxy string for Telegram. Remove this line if you don't need that
```

## Install

Clone this repo and launch docker-compose script on your Raspberry Pi:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/GeorgiyDemo/HomeYoutubePi
cd HomeYoutubePi
docker-compose up -d
```

## Docker containers description
- Redis - database for FIFO queue
- Dashboard - RQ dashboard on host:9181
- Player - player for youtube's video processing from url in Redis
- Telegram - client for adding urls to Redis

## Redis problems
Fixing permissions for appendonly.aof file:
```shell
cd && cd HomeYoutubePi/redis
sudo chown -R 1001:1001 redis_data/
```

## Beautiful example

![example.webp](https://github.com/GeorgiyDemo/HomeYoutubePi/blob/img/example.webp)
Click [here](https://github.com/GeorgiyDemo/HomeYoutubePi/blob/img/example.gif) if you are using Safari
